Reporting API - tidy up CSPViolationReportBody (#35602)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/reporting_api/index.md

- {{HTTPHeader("Reporting-Endpoints")}}
  - : Sets the name and URL of reporting endpoints.

>     These can be used in the `report-to` directive on a [number of HTTP headers](#csp_violations).

Reviewer: Why not just say "on the `[Content-Security-Policy](https://pr35602.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy) and [Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only](https://pr35602.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only) headers"?

Author: It seemed a bit repetitive when the headers were listed quite close below. No problem doing so.

```suggestion
    These can be used in the `report-to` directive on the `[`Content-Security-Policy`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy) and [`Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only) headers.
```

Author: Done though!
